# 546FinalProject

1. Sign up with any email that ends in @stevens.edu (doesn't have to be an actaul email) and you will be sent to a verification page. Skip verification step by just going back and make two more users (valid emails not required if using mongo compass. If there is an actual email, however, an email will be sent with a code to verify). Go to mongo compass and set the emailVerified field to true for all three in mongo compass as well as the verified field to true for any one user, this will be the one user who can create events (recommend not making the user with the actual email this because you will not recieve registration emails.)

2. Sign in with the verified user and you will see a tab for create an event. Create an event following the valid constraints. You can click the homepage button and you will be able to see this event on the homepage in upcoming events as well as in the created Events Page. This link can be found in the handlebars. You can view all the created events on this page and click on a single event to see everything you inputed as well as feedback that users can submit once it starts. I recommend creating an event that starts in the next 5-10 minutes so you can sign up with other users as well as test. (You will not be able to register after the event starts and you also can't register as the user who created the event.)

3. Click log out in the top and you will be taken to the login page page where you can login in as one of the unverified (not allowed to create events) users. You will have less options like not being able to see created events and create events. You can still see upcoming events, and you can seach an event by a word in the name and press search to filter based on that. Click on the event you created with the verified account and hit register you will now see attendees go up by 1. You can navigate to the my registered events tab and you can see the event there. Also, if you are an actual user you will get an email saying you signed up (could be in spam). (Recommend doing this quick so you can sign in with the second user and register since you are not able to register once the event starts.)

4. Follow the same log out route as before and sign in with the other unverified user and register like before. Now just wait until the start time of the event. Once the event starts navigate back to the hompepage and the event is no longer in the upcoming events. Then click on registered and the event is no longer there. Navigate to the attended events tab and click it and you will now see the event there. Click on the event and you will no longer be ablt to see an unregister button. Rather, you will see a feedback form where you can rate the event and leave a comment. (If you don't see this at the bottom like comment or submit are cut off, zoom out and you will be able to see them.) Fill in the info and click submit. Now you will see your feedback there and you will see that the organizer rating has changed due to that number.

5. Log out of that account and sign in with the other unverified account. Follow the same steps to submit feedback with this user. You will now see that the rating has changed once again. The rating is the average of all of the user's feebacks ratings rounded to the nearest decimal. This rating will show up on any new created event so the users know if that organizer does good events or not.

6. Log out again and sign in with the verified user once again. Click on the View All Created Events tab and click on the event. You will see all of the info as well as all of the feedback that was recieved by users on that specific event.

7. Have fun and try out anything else our wonderful app provides.
